🎯 What requirements did you achieve?

🎯 Were there any requirements or goals that you were unable to achieve?
🎯 If so, what was it that you found difficult about these tasks?

Optional
🏹 Feel free to add any other reflections you would like to share about your submission, for example:

Requesting feedback about a specific part of your submission.
What useful external sources helped you complete the assignment (e.g Youtube tutorials)?
What errors or bugs did you encounter while completing your assignment? How did you solve them?
What went really well and what could have gone better?

Reflections

Tried to be more organised this time by doing the client and server set up when we revised them in class - coding along and setting up my project as part of the work shop. My hope here is that if I start early, if I have any problems during the week when I add to the code then I can learn how to fix them as we revise through the week, and then have more time to fix them. I want to be more prepared for the project. The only thing I'm currently unsure on at this point is how to use postman to check the port is working.
Started yesterday by making my wireframe in figma, then jumping into drawSQL to map out how i wanted my database to look. Then started creating a table of dummy data in supabase to render on the page.
Started going through the demos and pulling the relevant code for the tasks and putting them in my scratch so that it was all in one place for me to access. I noticed I pinballed between tasks quite alot so had to keep reminding myself to complete on task at a time. Currently feeling relatively confident with how I'm doing, but I am aware I havent tested any of my code yet which I'm nervous to do.
Ran my db query in SQL to check it worked and it didnt, and realised the data didn't match so made the changes than ran again until query came back. Made the corresponding code changes in in the entries components.
Started going through the copied code and changing to fit my purposes. Got abit overwhelmed because it felt like I was repeating code in places, so tried to render on the page and got errors. Went through the errors and fixed them until I got an error I didn't recognised in the console. Asked Manny for help to go through my code with me and just checked with me what I had and hadn't done so I could make a list to continue with. I also asked Manny to help me to the get and post routes in postman as I wasn't confident with doing this. He talked mne through testing the routes on postman, we test the post routes, got some errors, fixed them until the information was sending and recieving as expected. Then went through my code with Manny, we found areas where I had put server code in the client so I removed those bits. Manny then explained why and how the get and post routes for my entries and Form components were similar, and why that was. This helped me make a lot more sense of it, and I wrote some notes in each file better defining what was needed in the code - Thank you Manny!
Continued with the steps I'd made note of, which was the get and post routes for the entries component and the form component. Got overwhelmed again because red syntax errors came up and I couldn't see the problem with my code. Asked Manny, who helped me spot repeated code, and then prompted me to check my syntax - starting with brackets, commas and curly braces.
Finished setting up the post and get routes, wanted to see if the form would render on the page before testing the routes in postman (feel like thats the wrong way to do this but my brain struggling with braining so that's what we're going with). Got an error on the page console that said there was an issue with the link, and more error handling was needed. Added in the NotFound component and add in the relevant code, ran the page again and still got the link error. Checked the App.jsx but couldn't see any issues then realised it might be cause I hadn't set up react router properly. Check main.jsx and found I was missing code for the browser router.
Everything is now rendering on the page! Although for some reason the form is appearing on both the home page and the submissions page - can't initally see why that's happening. Also tried sumitting some data through the form, and its not rendering in the entries page - also checkeds supabase to see if the data appeared there, it didn't so need to run checks on the get and post routes in the forms and entries component.
Brain light went off and realised I hadn't run the server - ran the server and the supabase data is displaying on the page but new entries arent showing on the page. However they are showing in the console in VS code as objects so will definately use postman to check the get and post routes.
Went through the code and found the repeated code in App.jsx file that meant the form was repeating, removed it and now only one form it showing - woohoo!
I started by check the get and post routes for the form data and enteriesm but are working but the data is showing in the server as null for all categories. I looked through the code but couldnt see the issue. I copied the code into ChatGPT but asked it not to give me code or the answer, and it suggested taking a look at the input names/values, the shape of the body request, and all that express was set up correctly. I found one of the input value names didnt match up so changed that, express is set up directly but couldnt see any isues in the request body. Went back to chatGPT, it came back with an issue in the request body and i inputed the suggested code change (have left a note next to the code to ask Bertie about it because I'm only valuely aware of the difference and need it explained to me further). I also pulled some code from the group project that would console log an error if the entry didnt submit. Would also like some clarification on that could as well and what specifically its doing - why the syntax is the way it is.
However.... EVERYTING IS NOW RENDERING ON THE PAGE! WOOOOHOOOOOO! I ACTAULLY DID IT!
Now for tailwind css....
OMG I FIXED RENDER! it kept failing the deploy because it couldnt find the dist folder, consulted ChatGPT and fed it my code, found it was the way I inputed dist into render, then that I was running the wrong build command so changed that to the suggest npm run build, and now everything is deploying correctly! Yay! Win for troubleshooting. Even if i dont get any styling done, I'm really happy with how this whole project has gone and I feel like I've achieved more than all the previous weeks combined. Feeling really happy with this!#
Added Manny's demo code from react styling to my app.css file to use as a template and going to hunt around for some more resource and look for some cheatsheets that will help me understand/use tailwind.
Wasn't confident using taiulwind so decided to go with seperate css files for each component - started by creating a css scratch fill and pulled in the code from our wk5 group porject as a template. Realised I needed to removed the grid elements because I was styling muliple pages. Got the basic colour scheme down that i wanted but could get the elements to position how i wanted. Jumped onto discord where classmate Joe helped me with styling. We had a few issues using the \* to set background colours as we realised it would format everything depending on which css folder it was in. Had to go in and a divs and sections with class names to elements i wanted to style seperately. Mostly happy with how the pages have come out but wouldve liked to do more. Disappointed I don't have time to add the accessibility features. I wouldve gone on to add aria labels where neccessary, and a media query to format for smaller screens. Howevr, with the time that I've had, I'm pretty happy with the result, with longer I wouldve made the page more accessible. I'm also aware I need to swapp out one of my local host urls for my render one but I can't remember which or find the demo/lesson where its mentioned so I haven't done it but I am aware i need to. I have added my wireframe, my database schema from supabase along with my table, and my database design from drawSQL to my assets folder in my client.
I think my areas to work on are the css styling/tailwind in react, and to become more confident with get and post routes.
NOTE TO SELF (ask manny or bertie, and write down in notebook.)
